Update charter.md (#186)
quicwg/wg-materials: charter/charter.md

- Maintenance and evolution of the QUIC base specifications that
  describe its invariants, core transport mechanisms, security and
  privacy, loss detection and recovery, congestion control, version and

>   extension negotiation, etc. Addressing existing versions or if necessary
>   publish new versions of QUIC. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  extension negotiation, etc. This includes the specification of
  new versions of QUIC, if necessary. 
```

> - Maintenance and evolution of the specifications of QUIC extensions, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Maintenance and evolution of the specifications of QUIC extensions.
```

The second area of work is supporting the operability of QUIC, which includes 
specifications and documents, such as it applicability and manageability 
statements, improved operation with load balancers, the specification of 
a logging format and schemas for QUIC and HTTP/3 endpoints (qlog), etc.

The third area of work is the specification of new extensions to QUIC.

> These extensions intended for standards track need to have general 
> applicability to multiple application protocols. Also, the WG may decide 
> to publish extensions as Informational or Experimental documents, e.g., 
> to allow vendors to publicly document deployed proprietary extensions 
> or to enable wider experimentation with new protocol features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions intended for Standards Track need to have general 
applicability to multiple application protocols. The WG may also decide 
to publish extensions as Informational or Experimental documents, e.g., 
to allow vendors to publicly document deployed proprietary extensions 
or to enable wider experimentation with new protocol features.
```
